v1.4.0 - SSR-2375 - Update User's Guide (#1099)
kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component: docs/document/website/versioned_docs/version-1.4.0/getting-started/quick-start.md

> We recommend that you should upgrade Kintone UI Component to the latest version for your projects. <br>
> From v1.4.0, please use `Kucs["1.x.x"]` instead of `Kuc` and specify your expected version (ex. `Kucs["1.4.0"]`).<br>
>The rendered components' tags and class names will include the version number.<br>

> > You may still use `Kuc` as a global variable but **note that it may be conflicting when adding two or more `kuc.min.js` files** on Kintone app plug-in or customization.<br>

Reviewer: When using Kuc.Button() way, the Illegal constructor error won't occur but the last loaded min.js will be referred to. So it will be good to describe that.

2. Create a `index.js` file.

> >If you only have one `kuc.min.js` file in your system,
> >or you are okay with using the `kuc.min.js` file loaded last, 
> >you can remove the "`const Kuc = Kucs['1. x.x']`" line.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>If you only have one `kuc.min.js` file in your system, or you are okay with using the `kuc.min.js` file loaded last, you can remove the "`const Kuc = Kucs['1.x.x']`" line.
```

![button customize](assets/button_customize.png)

### Use the CDN

> > There is a [Version conflicts issue and solution](../guides/version-conflicts-issue-solution#using-cdn) guide providing users with more details.<br>
> > See the sample code at [Use UMD](#use-the-umd) section.

Reviewer: How about making it simple like this?
```suggestion
> See the guidance and sample code at [Use UMD](#use-the-umd) section.
```
